hello world and hello YouTube distant
Eva's interpretation of Maya back at
y'all another video welcome to my
channel and you know the rest
so I mean if you've been under a rock
the past I don't know 12 hours and I
guess you wouldn't know but if you've
been on social media then you already
know that y'all say as she's so aptly
nicknamed um slicked us and release a
whole album on iTunes in the wee hours
of the morning yes hunty she did and wow
wow wow wow I have to tell you she has
she has some in native genius about her
as far as marketing goes and PR I don't
know who's helping out with that maybe
it's just her by herself but I had to
give it up to her because she has done a
heck of a job like really I mean right
or wrong or indifferent or ever however
you feel about about Beyonce it's
irrelevant at this point because her
work ethic is unmatched there's no one
out there in the game who is killing it
like she is however you feel about her
that's fine but homegirl Jess she's
killing the game what can I say anyway
so if you haven't peaked her new album
what are you waiting for go to iTunes
check it out right now or you can find
them on YouTube probably play somewhere
I didn't say that um so this look that I
had right now in my eyes yeah she like
goes all the way around I do a cat eye
all the time anyway but it goes all the
way around which is from what her music
video is for superpower featuring Frank
Ocean if you haven't seen it go check it
out
well this is her makeup look she has
nude lips and she has this really daring
cat eye going on and Kelly and Michelle
are also in the video Kelly has a really
dark smoky eye with a nude lip
and then Kelly maybe sorry Michelle has
something else very similar to this but
I like Beyonce's and she has if you can
tell a little bit of white in the cat
eye itself right there and it's just
smoked out nothing too extreme but a
very cool cat eye effect so here is my
take on this
the hardest part I have to be honest I
took like several takes of me doing it
this part I don't know why it was so
difficult for me but it really was
hopefully you had better luck than I do
but if you try it
pick me on Instagram or my Facebook fan
page let me know how it went and just go
listen to Beyonce the album please just
do yourself a favor or just get like her
and get your life together and get to
work ethic like her seriously hello hugs
and kisses
what a beautiful body